AD Review Text Updates (#513)
ietf-wg-gnap/gnap-core-protocol: draft-ietf-gnap-core-protocol.md

In this non-normative example, the client instance is indicating that it can [redirect](#request-interact-redirect)
the end user to an arbitrary URI and can receive a [redirect](#request-interact-callback-redirect) through
a browser request. Note that the client instance does not accept a push-style callback. This pattern

> is common for web-based client software.

Reviewer: I would clarify "This redirect pattern" (to make sure we don't misunderstand with the note on push style callback that comes just before)

> a browser request. Note that the client instance does not accept a push-style callback. This pattern
> is common for web-based client software.

Author: ```suggestion
a browser request. Note that the client instance does not accept a push-style callback.
The pattern of using a redirect for both interaction start and finish is common for web-based client software.
```
